https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-7110 Updating the Important note (#5703)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/cluster_proxy_addon.adoc

In some environments, a managed cluster is behind a firewall and cannot be accessed directly by the hub cluster. To gain access, you can set up a proxy add-on to access the `kube-apiserver` of the managed cluster to provide a more secure connection.

> *Important:* The `cluster-proxy-addon` does not work when another proxy configuration is on your hub cluster or managed clusters. The following scenarios cause include:

Author: ```suggestion
*Important:* The `cluster-proxy-addon` does not work when another proxy configuration is on your hub cluster or managed clusters. The following scenarios causes this:
```

In some environments, a managed cluster is behind a firewall and cannot be accessed directly by the hub cluster. To gain access, you can set up a proxy add-on to access the `kube-apiserver` of the managed cluster to provide a more secure connection.

> *Important:* There must be one cluster-wide proxy configuration on your hub cluster.

Reviewer: should here change to `must not` ?

Reviewer: Or we can remove this line? Since the limitation is recorded on the `known_issues` page.

Author: @xuezhaojun I'm confused here. The doc is about using the proxy add-on on and then users are instructed to configure the proxy for both a hub cluster and a managed cluster. Should there only be one proxy on the managed cluster? Why do we want to remove the note completely? Here is a rewrite with your suggestion:

"*Important:* There must not be a cluster-wide proxy configuration on your hub cluster."

Reviewer: The cluster-proxy addon aims to set up a tunnel from  an agent to a hub, (now it looks like the name should be `cluster-tunnel`, which may make more sense.)

The tunnel's ends are inside the hub and agent.

---

However, the cluster-wide proxy aims to support when there is a proxy between the hub and agents.

Normally the proxy-server here is in front of the hub or an agent.

---

If there is a proxy, the cluster-proxy addon can't set up the tunnel.

Reviewer: The updated version looks good to me!

Author: @xuezhaojun when you say "agent", are you referring to the managed cluster?

Author: Nvm

Author: @xuezhaojun it also seems like we might want to make some clarifications based on your [comment](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/5703#discussion_r1377142685). I recommend that you create a new doc issue to doc the clarifications for 2.9 doc refresh

Reviewer: Thanks for the update! I will submit a new doc issue later to clarify.

> *Important:* There must be one cluster-wide proxy configuration on your hub cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
*Important:* There must not be a cluster-wide proxy configuration on your hub cluster.
```
